Please watch this video on ==[control theory](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lBC1nEq0_nk)== and read this wikipedia article: ==[Control Systems](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Control_system)==. This section is intended to be an introduction to basic open loop and closed loop systems. Here there will not be any programming implementation details, rather the intention is for you to understand how a human driver and a robotic driver would control a system.


# open loop vs closed loop
See how we have 2 kinds of control loops. Open and closed loop. The most basic type of control is an open loop system. In FRC this might be a flywheel that we measure to spin at some speed with a certain power, and then we supply that power and we just assume that it will spin at that speed. However, if you affect the wheel by putting something in the way, for example, a ball. This resistance will slow down the wheel but because we are only supplying a specific voltage, we cannot compensate for the drop in speed in real time. There is no **feedback**. 

We can fix this by creating a feedback loop using a sensor. For instance, in our flywheel we can add an encoder ([](1.%20electrical.md#Encoders)). To frequently measure the speed of the flywheel so that we can correct for the error. This is most important when there are more than 1 thing in quick succession. When an object goes through a flywheel, the speed will drop when energy is transferred into the ball. If we only control the wheel using a constant power, it will take a long time to recover, so sad. If we measure the speed of the flywheel, we can actively correct for the drop so that the next ball that is fired is correctly fired at speed. We can use [PID](PID.md) to control the flywheel accurately with feedback.

read this article including practice using the interactive PID tuning exercise.
==https://docs.wpilib.org/en/stable/docs/software/advanced-controls/introduction/tuning-flywheel.html==

The reason that we use closed loop control is because a computer is significantly faster and more accurate to respond to error in a system than a human would be.