Command based programming is a fantastic way to program robots.  There are subsystems and commands. A subsystem describes a mechanical thing; for instance there might be a subsystem for a turret which has a motor and an encoder to measure the location of the turret. A command is a behavior that can act on a subsystem. This alone does not solve the problem. All it does is segment the issue into individual separated components. The magic solution is the command scheduler.

https://docs.wpilib.org/en/stable/docs/software/commandbased/what-is-command-based.html

## Subsystem
A subsystem describes the physicality of the robot. Each subsystem should be individual parts that will have separate behavior. For instance a turret and a shooter mounted on top of the turret would be separate subsystems. A grabber component would be its own subsystem. And the drive base would be its own subsystem.

Each of these individual parts have their own distinct functions and behaviors. This is how subsystems are split; since the behavior of one unit is not dependent on another subsystem.

## Command
A comand is a behavior or action that can apply to a subsystem. For instance, a command might rotate a turret to a specific angle. Another command might drive the robot using a joystick and another command will automatically drive the robot to a position. For a grabber there might be a command to open it and a command to close it.

## Scheduler
The command scheduler is what makes command based programming so elegant. Its purpose is to handle queuing and dispatching commands to all of the subsystems. It prevents conflicts (2 commands trying to use the same part of the robot at the same time) and handles running commands in the correct order. It also supports more advanced behavior like overriding commands and cancelling commands.

Note for advanced readers: The command scheduler does NOT prevent state errors for reused Command classes; however it generally mitigates them due to the structure of a command.

## Programming Command Based Robots
Please read these articles on command based programming for specific details on implementation.
- ==[commands](https://docs.wpilib.org/en/stable/docs/software/commandbased/commands.html)==
- ==[subsystems](https://docs.wpilib.org/en/stable/docs/software/commandbased/subsystems.html)==
- ==[the command scheduler](https://docs.wpilib.org/en/stable/docs/software/commandbased/command-scheduler.html)==
- ==[structuring a command based robot](https://docs.wpilib.org/en/stable/docs/software/commandbased/structuring-command-based-project.html)==. This is just an example layout of the code, our projects might be structured differently for various reasons.
- ==[organizing command based projects](https://docs.wpilib.org/en/stable/docs/software/commandbased/organizing-command-based.html)==

