Telemetry is the most important part of the robot code. Every value that can change should be logged. This is important because you will have minimal time to test your code on the real robot. By using proper logging you can ensure that when you do test you can confidently analyze the results after the test is done. This is also critical for when something malfunctions at competition. Proper logging can help you identify a problem in software or hardware quickly in order to mitigate the issue.

- Logging should be automatic
- Telemetry should be sent for live feedback, like determining sensor failures. This process can be two-way, including having data sent back to the robot for things like configuring drive mode or a manual failure override.
- The driver station laptop should record telemetry data off of the robot and store it for later analysis. You can use programs like shuffleboard
- Telemetry is **dependent** on a stable network connection (which does not exist), the robot must also store logs locally. This is easy to do with the roborio and you can easily add a USB drive to store logs 🦀🦀🦀https://docs.wpilib.org/en/stable/docs/software/telemetry/datalog.html🦀🦀🦀

Please read these pages on telemetry for the latest best practices:
🦀🦀🦀https://docs.wpilib.org/en/stable/docs/software/telemetry/index.html🦀🦀🦀

Our team might also use third party logging libraries, or tools!

# programming
WPILib makes telemetry easy (and for good reason; it's critical to a successful team). Generally, anything that is variable (as in a value that can change), should be logged. This can easily be done with the Sendable interface: https://docs.wpilib.org/en/stable/docs/software/telemetry/writing-sendable-classes.html
