watch this video on structured programming ==https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7hdJQkn8rtA==

How to read stack-traces: ==https://docs.wpilib.org/en/stable/docs/software/basic-programming/reading-stacktraces.html==

Functions as data: ==https://docs.wpilib.org/en/stable/docs/software/basic-programming/functions-as-data.html==

it is important that code is easy to understand. code that is easier to understand is easier for you to understand after you wrote it, but more importantly it is easier to understand for others. 

There are many different best practices, and I will not be going over nearly all of them here; but I will go through some basic [[OOP]] and Java best practices that I think are helpful for FRC. Remember best practices are helpful for structured code. If it feels like best practices are fighting against you, perhaps consider how you might be able to implement it DIFFERENTLY.

OOP
- Single Responsibility. A class should do 1 thing and have a specific purpose.
- Each class should be portable; meaning its functionality is self contained and is only dependent on what is necessary.

JAVA
- names should be descriptive and consistent.
	- variable names should contain units (example: double wheelDiameterMeters )
	- variable names should NOT contain 
- use the private keyword for variables that should **not** be accessible outside of a class. This helps keep separation of concerns.
- There should be exactly 1 way to do something. To accomplish a task, code should not be redundant. This helps prevent ambiguous behavior or split code. It is OK to have 2 pieces of code that are similar, but distinct in functionality (meaning there is no reasonable way to split them into their basic parts and build a new function that combines them).
- it is OK for code to be longer as long as it is more readable.
- your code should not contain magic numbers (all magic numbers should go into the constants class (for things pertaining to the physicality of the robot) OR be a static constant variable in the class)

# on comments
comments are strictly to make code easier to understand. well written code should need minimal comments because it is self describing. Comments are dangerous because they are not checked like code is for accuracy. If you adjust some code without adjusting the comment, that comment is now conflicting with your code. DO use comments to make note of potential issues or edge cases. If you feel like a function needs a one line comment describing what it does, your function likely needs to have its name changed rather than a short comment. This also applies to variables.

#todo make some examples